Week 4 - Activity 1: Design use case diagram
Step 1: Write the number of actors and use cases for your college project, defining the scope of the project in the same way as the activity completed in Week 3 for your college. 
Share your GitHub Link with your scenario from Week 3.
 
W4A1 Design use case diagram.txt - Week 3 Activity 6 - W3A6 - EJI
Eduardo JR Ilagan
"""



1.Project scope (short paragraph)
Write a story that defines the purpose and scope of the database. Describe the main entities (e.g., students, lecturers, etc).
The database will have the list of students, instructors, courses and subjects, schedules, and tracking for the payments.
The user of the system can look for the details of each student, which course and class schedule the student is attending.
The user can also check the instructors and which classes he is teaching.
The students table should have their details as its attiributes, the same with the instructor.
The subjects table should be able to link the students and the lecturers, it should have the subject description, requirement as its attributes. DatabaseER
The payents table will contain the transaction id, student id and date of the transaction.
The course table will have the course id and course name as its attributes and it should be connected to the subjects table making a wayt to be connected to both instructors' and sturdents'.


List of Actors
1. Students
2. Instructor
3. cler

Use cases:
Student to Enroll to Course
Student to Pay
student to check schedule of subject
Student to attend subject for markings
instructor to check for subject and schedule to teach
Instructor to teach subject and assign markings to student
Clerk to Add Student from enrollment
clerk to add payment records
Clerk to Check Payments
Clerk to add class record for student
clerk to add insturctor into the instructor records
clerk to remove instructor from instructor records
clerk to assign subjects for teaching to instructor
clerk to remove students from student records
clerk to add subjects into subject record
clerk to remove subjects from subject recordds
clerk to remove students from class records